fix(NET): title case framework (#15226)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/other-installation/understanding-net-agent-environment-variables.mdx

CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH="C:\Program Files\New Relic\.NET Agent\netcore\NewRelic.Profiler.dll"
```

> Note: There is a subtle difference in the behavior of the .NET Framework agent vs. the .NET Core agent regarding having profiling enabled. For the .NET Framework agent, even when profiling is enabled in the environment of a .NET Framework process, it will only be instrumented by the agent if one of the following conditions are met:

Author: ```suggestion
Note: The behavior of .NET agent profiling differs slightly between the .NET Framework and .NET Core. For .NET Framework, even when profiling is enabled in the environment of a .NET Framework process, it will only be instrumented by the agent if one of the following conditions are met:
```

* The application is hosted in IIS and

>   * application pools are configured to be instrumented by default, or

Author: ```suggestion
  * Application pools are configured to be instrumented by default, or
```

Note: There is a subtle difference in the behavior of the .NET Framework agent vs. the .NET Core agent regarding having profiling enabled. For the .NET Framework agent, even when profiling is enabled in the environment of a .NET Framework process, it will only be instrumented by the agent if one of the following conditions are met:

> * The application is hosted in IIS (a) application pools are configured to be instrumented by default, or (b) the application pool hosting the application is configured to be instrumented explicitly.

Reviewer: I'm having difficulty parsing this as a whole, and specifically what is required and what are the choices

> The ZIP archive of the agent for Windows contains both the framework and Core versions of the agent in side-by-side directories. Replace CUSTOM_AGENT_PATH with the path wherever you unzip the archive on your system.

Author: ```suggestion
The ZIP archive of the agent for Windows contains both the Framework and Core versions of the agent in side-by-side directories. Replace `CUSTOM_AGENT_PATH` with the path wherever you unzip the archive on your system.
```

> The ZIP archive of the agent for Windows contains both the framework and Core versions of the agent in side-by-side directories. Replace CUSTOM_AGENT_PATH with the path wherever you unzip the archive on your system.

Reviewer: Should `framework` here be capitalized?
